Add doc changes to include the new fields in stack config policy (#7381)
elastic/cloud-on-k8s: docs/orchestrating-elastic-stack-applications/stack-config-policy.asciidoc

- link:https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/indices-component-template.html[Components templates]
- link:https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/security-api-put-role-mapping.html[Role mappings]

> Starting from ECK `2.11.0`, Elastic Stack configuration policies allow you to configure the following settings as well for Elasticsearch:
> 
> - link:https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/settings.html[Elasticsearch Configuration] (configuration settings for Elasticsearch that will go into `elasticsearch.yml`)
> - <<{p}-custom-images,Elasticsearch Secure Settings>>
> - <<{p}-{page_id}-specifics-secret-mounts,Secret Mounts>>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- link:https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/settings.html[Elasticsearch Configuration] (configuration settings for Elasticsearch that will go into `elasticsearch.yml`) added:[ECK 2.11.0]
- <<{p}-es-secure-settings,Elasticsearch Secure Settings>> added:[ECK 2.11.0]
- <<{p}-{page_id}-specifics-secret-mounts,Secret Mounts>> added:[ECK 2.11.0]
```

Additionally with ECK `2.11.0` it is posssible to configure Kibana as well using Elastic Stack configuration policies, the following settings can be configured for Kibana:

- link:https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/current/settings.html[Kibana Configuration] (configuration settings for Kibana that will go into `kibana.yml`)
- link:https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/current/secure-settings.html[Kibana Secure Settings]

A policy can be applied to one or more Elasticsearch clusters or Kibana instances in any namespace managed by the ECK operator.
Configuration policy settings applied by the ECK operator are immutable through the Elasticsearch REST API.
It is currently not allowed to configure an Elasticsearch cluster or Kibana instance with more than one policy.

[float]
[id="{p}-{page_id}-definition"]
== Define Elastic Stack configuration policies

Elastic Stack configuration policies can be defined in a `StackConfigPolicy` resource. Each `StackConfigPolicy` must have the following field:

* `name` is a unique name used to identify the policy.

> One out the following two fields and one of the respective sub fields must be present as well:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At least one of `spec.elasticsearch` or `spec.kibana` needs to be defined with at least one of its attributes.
```
or something along those lines to be less abstract

  ** `clusterSettings` are dynamic Elasticsearch cluster settings that can be set without having to restart Elasticsearch
  ** `snapshotRepositories` are snapshot repositories for defining an off-cluster storage location for your snapshots. Check <<{p}-{page_id}-specifics-snap-repo>> for more information.
  ** `snapshotLifecyclePolicies` are snapshot lifecycle policies, to automatically take snapshots and control how long they are retained.
  ** `securityRoleMappings` are role mappings, to define which roles are assigned to each user by identifying them through rules.
  ** `ingestPipelines` are ingest pipelines, to perform common transformations on your data before indexing.
  ** `indexLifecyclePolicies` are index lifecycle policies, to automatically manage the index lifecycle.
  ** `indexTemplates.componentTemplates` are component templates that are building blocks for constructing index templates that specify index mappings, settings, and aliases.
  ** `indexTemplates.composableIndexTemplates` are index templates to define settings, mappings, and aliases that can be applied automatically to new indices.

>   ** `config` are the settings that go into the elasticsearch.yml file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  ** `config` are the settings that go into the `elasticsearch.yml` file.
```

  ** `secretMounts` are the additional user created secrets that need to be mounted to the Elasticsearch Pods.

>   ** `secureSettings` is a list of Secrets containing Secure Settings to inject into the keystore(s) of the Elasticsearch cluster(s) to which this policy applies, similar to the <<{p}-custom-images,Elasticsearch Secure Settings>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ** `secureSettings` is a list of Secrets containing Secure Settings to inject into the keystore(s) of the Elasticsearch cluster(s) to which this policy applies, similar to the <<{p}-es-secure-settings,Elasticsearch Secure Settings>>.
```

> * `spec.kibana` describes the settings to configure for kibana.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `spec.kibana` describes the settings to configure for Kibana.
```

>   ** `config` are the settings that go into the kibana.yml file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  ** `config` are the settings that go into the `kibana.yml` file.
```

>   ** `secureSettings` is a list of Secrets containing Secure Settings to inject into the keystore(s) of the Kibana instance(s) to which this policy applies, similar to the link:https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/current/secure-settings.html[Kibana Secure Settings].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ** `secureSettings` is a list of Secrets containing Secure Settings to inject into the keystore(s) of the Kibana instance(s) to which this policy applies, similar to the <<p-kibana-secure-settings,Kibana Secure Settings>>.
```

The following fields are optional:

* `namespace` is the namespace of the `StackConfigPolicy` resource and used to identify the Elasticsearch clusters to which this policy applies. If it equals to the operator namespace, the policy applies to all namespaces managed by the operator, otherwise the policy only applies to the namespace of the policy.
* `resourceSelector` is a link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/[label selector] to identify the Elasticsearch clusters to which this policy applies in combination with the namespace(s). No `resourceSelector` means all Elasticsearch clusters in the namespace(s).

> * `secureSettings` is a list of Secrets containing Secure Settings to inject into the keystore(s) of the Elasticsearch cluster(s) to which this policy applies, similar to the <<{p}-es-secure-settings,Elasticsearch Secure Settings>>. (This field is deprecated with ECK `2.11.0`, it is preferred to set this under the elasticsearch or kibana fields)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `secureSettings` is a list of Secrets containing Secure Settings to inject into the keystore(s) of the Elasticsearch cluster(s) to which this policy applies, similar to the <<{p}-es-secure-settings,Elasticsearch Secure Settings>>. This field is deprecated with ECK `2.11.0`, it is preferred to set this under the elasticsearch or kibana fields.
```

> * `secureSettings` is a list of Secrets containing Secure Settings to inject into the keystore(s) of the Elasticsearch cluster(s) to which this policy applies, similar to the <<{p}-es-secure-settings,Elasticsearch Secure Settings>>. This field is deprecated with ECK `2.11.0`, it is preferred to set this under the elasticsearch or kibana fields.

Reviewer: Maybe just drop the documentation for that field (it will still be documented in the API docs)

- link:https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/indices-component-template.html[Components templates]
- link:https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/security-api-put-role-mapping.html[Role mappings]

- link:https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/settings.html[Elasticsearch Configuration] (configuration settings for Elasticsearch that will go into `elasticsearch.yml`) added:[ECK 2.11.0]
- <<{p}-es-secure-settings,Elasticsearch Secure Settings>> added:[ECK 2.11.0]
- <<{p}-{page_id}-specifics-secret-mounts,Secret Mounts>> added:[ECK 2.11.0]

Additionally with ECK `2.11.0` it is posssible to configure Kibana as well using Elastic Stack configuration policies, the following settings can be configured for Kibana:

- link:https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/current/settings.html[Kibana Configuration] (configuration settings for Kibana that will go into `kibana.yml`)

> - link:https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/current/secure-settings.html[Kibana Secure Settings]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- <<{p}-kibana-secure-settings,Kibana Secure Settings>>
```

          version: 1
----

> Example of configuring Elasticsearch and Kibana using Elastic Stack configuration policy:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example of configuring Elasticsearch and Kibana using an Elastic Stack configuration policy:
```

- sets the `base_path` to `snapshots/<namespace>-<esName>` when it is not provided, for Azure, GCS and S3 repositories
- appends `<namespace>-<esName>` to `location` for a FS repository
- appends `<namespace>-<esName>` to `path` for an HDFS repository

[float]
[id="{p}-{page_id}-specifics-secret-mounts"]
== Specifics for secret mounts

> ECK `2.11.0` introduces `spec.elasticsearch.secretMounts as a new field`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ECK `2.11.0` introduces `spec.elasticsearch.secretMounts` as a new field.
```

- sets the `base_path` to `snapshots/<namespace>-<esName>` when it is not provided, for Azure, GCS and S3 repositories
- appends `<namespace>-<esName>` to `location` for a FS repository
- appends `<namespace>-<esName>` to `path` for an HDFS repository

[float]
[id="{p}-{page_id}-specifics-secret-mounts"]
== Specifics for secret mounts

> In ECK `2.11.0` a new field was introduced to the Elastic Stack configuration policy under the `elasticsearch` field called `secretMounts`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ECK `2.11.0` introduces `spec.elasticsearch.secretMounts as a new field`.
```

This field allows users to specify a user created secret and a mountPath to indicate where this secret should be mounted in the Elasticsearch Pods that are managed by the Elastic Stack configuration policy.

> This field can be used to add additional secrets to the Elasticsearch Pods that might be needed to configure things like Authorization Configurations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This field can be used to add additional secrets to the Elasticsearch Pods that may be needed for sensitive files required for configuring Elasticsearch realms.
```

> This field can be used to add additional secrets to the Elasticsearch Pods that may be needed for sensitive files required for configuring Elasticsearch realms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This field can be used to add additional secrets to the Elasticsearch Pods that may be needed for example for sensitive files required to configure Elasticsearch security realms.
```

> The secret should be created by the user is the same namespace as the operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The secret should be created by the user in the same namespace as the operator.
```

Is that true though? I thought StackConfigPolicies allow two modes: either in the namespace of the operator to configure any stack in the k8s cluster. Or in a specific namespace which restricts the policy to configure only resources in that namespace.

Author: @pebrc actually I messed up, in the code we expect it to be in the same namespace as the policy 
https://github.com/elastic/cloud-on-k8s/blob/41786785bc462d0c8bcc25d969792c2b9f97182e/pkg/controller/stackconfigpolicy/elasticsearch_config_settings.go#L82

Is that an acceptable behavior ?

Reviewer: Yes that's fine. My point was more that the secret does not need to be in the same namespace as the operator but in the same namespace as the policy.

> The operator will read this secret and copy it over to the namespace of Elasticsearch so that it can be mounted by the Elasticsearch Pods.

Reviewer 3: We used to avoid future tense, but I'm not a very skilled doc writer.

Author: makes sense, will change this.

Author: I changed the sentence to not be future tense.

> Example of configuring secret mounts in the Elastic Stack configuration policy

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Example of configuring secret mounts in the Elastic Stack configuration policy:
```

[source,yaml,subs="attributes,+macros,callouts"]
----
secretMounts:
  - secretName: jwks-secret <1>
    mountPath: "/usr/share/elasticsearch/config/jwks" <2>
----

<1> name of the secret created by the user in the operator namespace.
<2> mount path where the secret must be mounted to inside the Elasticsearch Pod.

[float]
[id="{p}-{page_id}-configuring-authentication-policies"]

> == Configuring authentication policies using Elastic Stack configuration policy.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== Configuring authentication policies using Elastic Stack configuration policy
```

> In ECK `2.11.0` with the introduction of the `config` field for `elasticsearch` and `kibana`, `secretMounts` field for `elasticsearch`, Elastic Stack configuration policy can be used to configure authentication for Elasticsearch clusters. For some examples of the various authentication configurations that can be used refer to <<{p}-auth-config-using-stack-config-policy>>

Reviewer 3: Something seems odd after "with the introduction of...." Also referencing ECK versions outside of the release highlights/notes is not something we used to do (outside of a deprecation note `2.11.0` is referenced 6 times in this PR), not sure it really matters but this is something that feels new to me.

```suggestion
Elastic Stack configuration policy can be used to configure authentication for Elasticsearch clusters. Check <<{p}-auth-config-using-stack-config-policy>> for some examples of the various authentication configurations that can be used.
```
